it's a new time I do not do it since
one so that says in English that I
some pretty good work reputation
80,000 hits but good I come to
explain today is how to download and
install prototype 2 for the whole pc
you know for perfect whole with the tlc and
all look here we see a reef
perfect and good the first thing that there is
do is go to this web page that is
and I'll put the link and if I just gave
to restart for one thing if it comes out as
an ad here that can not be closed
just restart the page we get a
ad not but a weird thing
which is to open it to what I mean
you just have to restart the page and
up is that these people because by not winning
money with games like not hang
because what they do is put ads and you
it's good even if they have to do it
come see here but all full game or
be whole game is not team download
here
download the entire game here to the fly
on link books I always use flash and
you give him
maybe a little slow because
I was uploading a good video in addition
You leave here as you can see an ad
then you close the page and you give
new and now you will see df live
perfect
let's wait 5 seconds it 's pretty
simple this is not necessary or create
the event created good is that the jump
let's not pass equip like here
above something of a yellow belt
we wait
to you it will go faster but as
I'm uploading a video then look
fairly slow regular discharge
because it is already
download the file and we wait 56
60 seconds and wrote Kafka is ,
a code
that will come good to you, I will return no more than
there is nothing more that can be downloaded
good something logos
well we are here again and I know
can you see what he puts here please
wait good has already been removed
here enter the text we can see
here a 37 8 2 3 7 8 continue this is
to verify that we are not a computer
or anything good to download files mode
usual in the browser we can see
here that product will be released right now
point exe and that we give you two hours good
we give it to him and he will have to cancel because
It will take a lot with the video going up 6
good and we give it to you and it will tell us where you want
where to install the file for auto
rented to download only from
torrent
well from there already when installing it i mean
where to install or save us what
you save and there in downloads you
dais and you will know torrent and we can see
here here soon there are two full game more
activity that we are going with the dlc and
everything is 8 with 55 gigs depending on
your internet speed is
download faster slower
downloaded quite fast and good klaus
Right click open field in folder
Container continue and we have here
everything is not here in the instructions
that I will explain to you where
downloaded the good torrent only makes us
missing this first part if you want
double click or right click and
execute as administrator we give
that does not matter if you double- click or execute
as administrator
lets see if
if loading sometimes takes a ratillo
not today
if I will not know
it is not open to us, you can give it another
double click or something
do not be double click will know and that I yo
I come back more than I open and continue with
the tutorial
today we are here again if we are
here and we see here that this has not jumped
if we want to execute we leave it there
yes depending on what language you have if
here it's perfect what we want
here is the installer has already been opened
not for what information does not make us
missing really is not needed and here
you choose where you want to install the me as
I have a special folder for where
install them
Well, I invite you to do the same
that I 'm good, I have a team or
computer
local disk ce games game and here I have
all the games that I have and selected
game and ok and there they should create no
we install and should create us a
binder
once you finish this installation in
the next step
I come back with you come god good ya
we have returned and
and that the installation is finished
to close the installer directly without
say anything and open this pac o se os os
will open this web page depends on
in google chrome on internet safari
explore what you have for us
defect I have google chrome and that and
So well that is useless
we close and here will also open this
page again that we have from before
but we can close it too and
already in theory we should already have the
game here as you see here we have play
prototype 2 no steam and I do this
I'll put in my games folder in the
which I have many games
good and if it is already and the game
you should have it in different
languages but I'll already make a video for
change it and good and to run the
game we just have to double click
or run as administrator or click
right and open what you want
but let's execute it right now
but as you love, I could not
full screen then there we have a
problem and we can not record it this
way of an extreme wal of this video from
this video of this game and good yes and
One thing is going to say that I was missing
already here we have a pack or as for
fix the game because sometimes it comes
with failures and the good pach is very rare
that comes with failures but if it comes
with failures
you put it in the description not in the
comments and good I make you another
Step by step tutorial to install the
patch that is very easy is as easy as
install the game and well if I only have
to say again that to ensure them
double click right click execute as
Minister dor
Right click and open and well it's already there
play and enjoy and good the only thing
I need to say now is that I hope that
he likes the video agreeing to subscribe
commented and give like I liked and
good the next video goodbye